DMP3013SFV 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
 
DIODES INCORPORATED MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH REGARDS TO THIS DOCUMENT, 
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE 
(AND THEIR EQUIVALENTS UNDER THE LAWS OF ANY JURISDICTION).   
 
Diodes Incorporated and its subsidiaries reserve the right to make modifications, enhancements, improvements, corrections or other changes 
without further notice to this document and any product described herein. Diodes Incorporated does not assume any liability arising out of the 
application or use of this document or any product described herein; neither does Diodes Incorporated convey any license under its patent or 
trademark rights, nor the rights of others. Any Customer or user of this document or products described herein in such applications shall assume 
all risks of such use and will agree to hold Diodes Incorporated and all the companies whose products are represented on Diodes Incorporated 
website, harmless against all damages.   
 
Diodes Incorporated does not warrant or accept any liability whatsoever in respect of any products purchased through unauthorized sales channel. 
Should Customers purchase or use Diodes Incorporated products for any unintended or unauthorized application, Customers shall indemnify and 
hold Diodes Incorporated and its representatives harmless against all claims, damages, expenses, and attorney fees arising out of, directly or 
indirectly, any claim of personal injury or death associated with such unintended or unauthorized application. 
 
Products described herein may be covered by one or more United States, international or foreign patents pending. Product names and markings 
noted herein may also be covered by one or more United States, international or foreign trademarks. 
 
This document is written in English but may be translated into multiple languages for reference. Only the English version of this document is the 
final and determinative format released by Diodes Incorporated. 
 
LIFE SUPPORT 
 
Diodes Incorporated products are specifically not authorized for use as critical components in life support devices or systems without the express 
written approval of the Chief Executive Officer of Diodes Incorporated. As used herein: 
 
A.   Life support devices or systems are devices or systems which: 
 
 
1. are intended to implant into the body, or 
 
2. support or sustain life and whose failure to perform when properly used in accordance with instructions for use provided in the 
 
     labeling can be reasonably expected to result in significant injury to the user. 
 
B.   A critical component is any component in a life support device or system whose failure to perform can be reasonably expected to cause the   
      failure of the life support device or to affect its safety or effectiveness. 
 
Customers represent that they have all necessary expertise in the safety and regulatory ramifications of their life support devices or systems, and 
acknowledge and agree that they are solely responsible for all legal, regulatory and safety-related requirements concerning their products and any 
use of Diodes Incorporated products in such safety-critical, life support devices or systems, notwithstanding any devices- or systems-related 
information or support that may be provided by Diodes Incorporated. Further, Customers must fully indemnify Diodes Incorporated and its 
representatives against any damages arising out of the use of Diodes Incorporated products in such safety-critical, life support devices or systems. 
 
Copyright © 2019, Diodes Incorporated 
 
www.diodes.com 
 
 
 
DMP3013SFV 
Document number: DS40141 Rev. 5 - 2 
7 of 7 
www.diodes.com  
June 2019 
© Diodes Incorporated