Legal Disclaimer Notice
www.vishay.com
Vishay
  
 
Revision: 01-Jan-2025
1
Document Number: 91000
THIS DOCUMENT IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE WITHOUT NOTICE. THE PRODUCTS DESCRIBED HEREIN AND THIS DOCUMENT
ARE SUBJECT TO SPECIFIC DISCLAIMERS, SET FORTH AT www.vishay.com/doc?91000
Disclaimer
ALL PRODUCT, PRODUCT SPECIFICATIONS AND DATA ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE WITHOUT NOTICE TO IMPROVE 
RELIABILITY, FUNCTION OR DESIGN OR OTHERWISE. 
Vishay Intertechnology, Inc., its affiliates, agents, and employees, and all persons acting on its or their behalf (collectively, 
“Vishay”), disclaim any and all liability for any errors, inaccuracies or incompleteness contained in any datasheet or in any other 
disclosure relating to any product.
Vishay makes no warranty, representation or guarantee regarding the suitability of the products for any particular purpose or 
the continuing production of any product. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Vishay disclaims (i) any and all 
liability arising out of the application or use of any product, (ii) any and all liability, including without limitation special, 
consequential or incidental damages, and (iii) any and all implied warranties, including warranties of fitness for particular 
purpose, non-infringement and merchantability.
Statements regarding the suitability of products for certain types of applications are based on Vishay's knowledge of typical 
requirements that are often placed on Vishay products in generic applications. Such statements are not binding statements 
about the suitability of products for a particular application. It is the customer's responsibility to validate that a particular product 
with the properties described in the product specification is suitable for use in a particular application. Parameters provided in 
datasheets and / or specifications may vary in different applications and performance may vary over time. All operating 
parameters, including typical parameters, must be validated for each customer application by the customer's technical experts. 
Product specifications do not expand or otherwise modify Vishay's terms and conditions of purchase, including but not limited 
to the warranty expressed therein.
Hyperlinks included in this datasheet may direct users to third-party websites. These links are provided as a convenience and 
for informational purposes only. Inclusion of these hyperlinks does not constitute an endorsement or an approval by Vishay of 
any of the products, services or opinions of the corporation, organization or individual associated with the third-party website. 
Vishay disclaims any and all liability and bears no responsibility for the accuracy, legality or content of the third-party website 
or for that of subsequent links.
Vishay products are not designed for use in life-saving or life-sustaining applications or any application in which the failure of 
the Vishay product could result in personal injury or death unless specifically qualified in writing by Vishay. Customers using or 
selling Vishay products not expressly indicated for use in such applications do so at their own risk. Please contact authorized 
Vishay personnel to obtain written terms and conditions regarding products designed for such applications.
No license, express or implied, by estoppel or otherwise, to any intellectual property rights is granted by this document or by 
any conduct of Vishay. Product names and markings noted herein may be trademarks of their respective owners.
© 2025 VISHAY INTERTECHNOLOGY, INC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED